my field almost and I am even bigger anomaly that most people in my field
this star on my shoulder boards means that I'm a line officer that
means I can command the ship at sea but I'm a cryptologist in my
entire career I have never been to see on a naval ship the only times
I've been there see is three cruises on civilian cruise liners with
my family the average cryptologist will probably spend probably about
ten percent of his career on a ship and of that ten percent only
five percent total will be spent at sea so cryptologist don't spend
a lot of time at sea my little brother on the other hand was sees some
marine officer and that basically meant he spent six months out
of every year city because he was on the blue crew and the blue crew
was out six months and then the whole crew was out so depends on the
kind of specially get into in which workers are how much time you
spend